# Topic 169029 (ID: 169029)

**Andrew David** (_2025-03-17T12:36:25.281Z_)

They(instructors) only don’t what to do it looks like, Anand Sir will tell them and they will tell you (with 25-50 percent lossy communication), just wait and keeping tagging Anand Sir. He will explain clearly, Ask everyone to push for a live session with Anand Sir , that 40 mins he explains will be worth its weight in gold, Hope he does that. Flattery gets me everywhere (not really, I really think Anand Sir is OP. Check out his YT )! [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)

---

**Naga durga prasad E** (_2025-03-17T15:40:31.485Z_)

A good video, with working code for OpenAI agents api .. <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Z7u6DTDZ8o>

---

**Tushar Jalan ** (_2025-03-18T05:25:03.720Z_)

should we make the functions on the basis of the GAs or should we make it general so it will be able to perform the task but the data provided will be different.  
[@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@carlton](/u/carlton)

---

**Carlton D'Silva** (_2025-03-18T05:56:47.593Z_)

The key learning objective for Project 2 is for you to be absolutely comfortable interacting with APIs and understanding how they work to perform tasks.

So there is very little need for the use of LLMs or agents.

  1. Identify the the question being asked (how you do this is upto you, you can be as simplistic as using regex to look for some key words, or you can be clever and create embeddings out of the original question and calculate the similarity from the request)
  2. Create a function that solves the question with the required parameters and inputs. Remember this does not have to be fancy. Just compute the answer. You do not need to do the task as the GA required. You ONLY want the answer. No tools required. Just a computed answer.
  3. Give the answer back as specified.



Kind regards

---

**Pradeep Mondal** (_2025-03-18T11:52:35.725Z_)

carlton:

> You do not need to do the task as the GA required.

Does this mean this type of question won’t be paramaterized?

Like instead of `code -s` there won’t be any other command, otherwise it would require installation of VS Code inside a container to find the answer or this type of questions won’t be part of evaluation at all?

The same confusion is for these type of questions as well:  


[Screenshot 2025-03-18 at 5.43.34 PM1329×750 44.4 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/5/7526d6eeacedc3b8dbec38fd07fb631d503f0665.png "Screenshot 2025-03-18 at 5.43.34 PM")

A bit more clarity would be helpful. Thanks in advance.  
[@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand)

---

**Carlton D'Silva** (_2025-03-18T13:19:18.148Z_)

21f2000709:

> Like instead of `code -s` there won’t be any other command, otherwise it would require installation of VS Code inside a container to find the answer or this type of questions won’t be part of evaluation at all?

there will not be any other command. This question can be solved with a hardcoded answer

Excel and Google sheet questions can be solved by just using python . No excel or google sheets required.

The question WILL be parameterised however. So the numbers might be different. You should just understand what the question is asking and solve it programatically to get the answer.

---

**Vicky Kumar** (_2025-03-18T14:06:13.238Z_)

Guys, I have designed a new version of this project. Please ask questions related to the graded assignment and let me know if you observe any errors.  
[AI Question Answering](https://regulations-contributing-millions-angela.trycloudflare.com/)

---

**Ansh bansal** (_2025-03-18T14:41:38.397Z_)

Means no github, image related, vs-code, vercel, etc. will be there

---

**Ansh bansal** (_2025-03-18T14:57:56.661Z_)

And the answer will be in string format ??

---
